Disable autostart for non 'server' Rails commands (#2239)
newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent: CHANGELOG.md

Version <dev> brings support for gleaning a Docker container id from cgroups v2 based containers and records additional synthetics attributes.

> - **Feature: Prevent the agent from starting in additional Rails CLI/TUI contexts**

Reviewer: maybe we should clarify that this fixes an issue on rails 7? since older rails versions already have this working the the rake task config?

Author: I thought about that. Unfortunately I learned that `bin/rails routes` isn't particularly new and has been around since at least Rails 5.0. So while it's true that the agent and its autostart denylist logic predates Rails 5.0 and that's why we never denylisted the `bin/rails` subcommands previously, it's likely that this change applies to the majority of current Rails shops.

Author: (From an offline conversation) I was incorrect in my understanding of the problem. Even though Rails 5 knew what to do with `rails routes`, the `routes` bit was actually being handed off to Rake.

- Beginning of Rails - had very limited rails binary functionality, use rake for everything except starting the server
- Version ? - the rails binary is now a one stop shop. Run rails foo and Rails will either know about foo and do something, or work as a pass-through to hand foo off to Rake
- Version 7 - certain subcommands such as routes are now known to Rails and handled by Rails commands instead of being handed off to Rake

So it's Rails 7 users who will benefit from this PR, with 5 and 6 users already having autostart disabled via Rake related denylist functionality.

Thanks for clearing things up for me, @tannalynn!

> - **Feature: Prevent the agent from starting in additional Rails CLI/TUI contexts**
> 
>   The agent already knew how to not start up when recognizing that `rails console` or a Rake task was running, but it did not recognize other Rails CLI/TUI contexts resulting from commands such as `rails routes`. Now the agent will additionally recognize other Rails commands such as `rails routes`, `rails dbconsole`, etc. and not start up in those contexts. Note that the agent will continue to start up when the `rails server` and `rails runner` commands and invoked. [PR#2239](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/pull/2239)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Feature: Prevent the agent from starting in rails commands in Rails 7**

  Previously, the agent ignored many rails commands by default, such as `rails routes`, using rake specific logic`. This was accomplished by setting these commands as default values for the config option `autostart.denylisted_rake_tasks`. However, rails 7 no longer uses rake for these commands, causing the agent to start running and attempting to record data when running these commands. The commands have now been added to the default value for the config option `autostart.denylisted_constants`, which will allow the agent to recognize these commands correctly in rails 7 and prevent the agent from starting during ignored tasks. Note that the agent will continue to start up when the `rails server` and `rails runner` commands and invoked. [PR#2239](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/pull/2239)
```

>   The agent already knew how to not start up when recognizing that `rails console` or a Rake task was running, but it did not recognize other Rails CLI/TUI contexts resulting from commands such as `rails routes`. Now the agent will additionally recognize other Rails commands such as `rails routes`, `rails dbconsole`, `rails test`, etc. and not start up in those contexts. Note that the agent will continue to start up when the `rails server` and `rails runner` commands and invoked. [PR#2239](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/pull/2239)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  The agent already knew how to not start up when recognizing that `rails console` or a Rake task was running, but it did not recognize other Rails CLI/TUI contexts resulting from commands such as `rails routes`. Now the agent will additionally recognize other Rails commands such as `rails routes`, `rails dbconsole`, etc. and not start up in those contexts. Note that the agent will continue to start up when the `rails server` and `rails runner` commands and invoked. [PR#2239](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/pull/2239)
```

>   The agent already knew how to not start up when recognizing that `rails console` or a Rake task was running, but it did not recognize other Rails CLI/TUI contexts resulting from commands such as `rails routes`. Now the agent will additionally recognize other Rails commands such as `rails routes`, `rails dbconsole`, `rails test`, etc. and not start up in those contexts. Note that the agent will continue to start up when the `rails server` and `rails runner` commands and invoked. [PR#2239](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/pull/2239)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Feature: Prevent the agent from starting in rails commands in Rails 7**

  Previously, the agent ignored many rails commands by default, such as `rails routes`, using rake specific logic`. This was accomplished by setting these commands as default values for the config option `autostart.denylisted_rake_tasks`.However, rails 7 no longer uses rake for these commands, causing the agent to start running and attempting to record data when running these commands. The commands have now been added to the default value for the config option `autostart.denylisted_constants`, which will allow the agent to recognize these commands correctly in rails 7 and prevent the agent from starting during ignored tasks. Note that the agent will continue to start up when the `rails server` and `rails runner` commands and invoked. [PR#2239](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/pull/2239)
```

Author: committed the [d66a3a9](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/pull/2239/commits/d66a3a9a20873cee668403c1a1f9a155e7f31e9a) version

>   Previously, the agent ignored many rails commands by default, such as `rails routes`, using rake specific logic`. This was accomplished by setting these commands as default values for the config option `autostart.denylisted_rake_tasks`. However, rails 7 no longer uses rake for these commands, causing the agent to start running and attempting to record data when running these commands. The commands have now been added to the default value for the config option `autostart.denylisted_constants`, which will allow the agent to recognize these commands correctly in rails 7 and prevent the agent from starting during ignored tasks. Note that the agent will continue to start up when the `rails server` and `rails runner` commands and invoked. [PR#2239](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/pull/2239)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Previously, the agent ignored many Rails commands by default, such as `rails routes`, using Rake-specific logic. This was accomplished by setting these commands as default values for the config option `autostart.denylisted_rake_tasks`. However, Rails 7 no longer uses Rake for these commands, causing the agent to start running and attempting to record data when running these commands. The commands have now been added to the default value for the config option `autostart.denylisted_constants`, which will allow the agent to recognize these commands correctly in Rails 7 and prevent the agent from starting during ignored tasks. Note that the agent will continue to start up when the `rails server` and `rails runner` commands are invoked. [PR#2239](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/pull/2239)
```
